# smart-health-care
Internet of things (IoT) is a fast growing, a user-friendly technology which allows everything to is connected and also allows effective communication between the connected "things." The Internet of Things, likewise called The Internet of Objects, alludes to a remote system between items, as a rule, the system will be remote and self-designing, for example, family unit machines. The term "Internet of Things" has come to describe some technologies and research disciplines that enable the Internet to reach out into the real world of physical objects. IoT has top five applications are Traffic monitoring, Healthcare, Security, Transport and logistics, and Daily life. In this paper, we are going to develop Health Care application. The Internet of Things could be a game-changer for the healthcare industry. It is transforming healthcare industry by increasing efficiency, lowering costs and put the focus back on better patient care. IoT in Healthcare is a heterogeneous computing, wirelessly communicating system of apps and devices that connects patients and health providers to diagnose, monitor, track and store vital statistics and medical information. This paper describes E-Health Monitoring (EHM). This paper presents an architectural framework to describe the entire monitoring life cycle and highlights essential service components. It serves as a fundamental basis for achieving robust, efficient, and secure health monitoring. The main primary aims of this paper to design an IOT based architecture for health related issues such as Diabetics, Heart Monitoring system, Pulse rate measurement, Daily Activity, kidney functioning. The Data obtained through sensors are uploaded to the cloud and shared with others. Data obtained through sensors are processed and accessed through a smart phone.
